Replica uses [magnet links](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnet_URI_scheme) to describe content. There are two categories of content typically referenced: Replica uploads onto S3, and BitTorrent files in the public BitTorrent network.

Parameter|Example|Notes
-|-|-
`xt`|`urn:btih:3e36296a9a6e8c55c299d08a3a176fb9d0b3f3c8`|We use the BitTorrent infohash encoded in the standard form, `urn:btih:[BitTorrent info hash encoded in hex]`.
`tr`|`http://tracker.opentrackr.org:1337/scrape`|This key can be repeated for a list of trackers that non-Replica BitTorrent users might use, or that are special to this link. Trackers can probably be added implicitly to the Replica users client where appropriate.
`so`|0|Replica deals with individual files, and torrents can contain more than one. The "select only" parameter is used with traditional clients to specify which files to download. We use it to reference which file inside a torrent operations should be performed on. This gives best-case compatibility with regular BitTorrent clients.
`dn`|`Lawandkermit.mp4`|This field normally provides the name field in a torrent info before the info has been made available, or just a prettier name to use when referring to a torrent. We use it with the name of the specific file referenced in the torrent, and without the UUID prefix on torrent names that are hosted on S3.
`as`|`https://getlantern-replica.s3-ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/35ca7a3f-a5f6-4dad-9881-57131fe007b6/torrent`|This is a valid source to retrieve the metainfo directly. This is a alternative to obtaining metadata from peers, or requiring knowledge of Replica.
`xs`|`replica:35ca7a3f-a5f6-4dad-9881-57131fe007b6`|Here we use a custom, extensible URI for S3 uploads of the form `replica:[s3 key prefix]`. Note that there is *no* leading `/` on the s3 key. This may acquire a trailing path or number to select the specific file in the future. See also `so`.
`ws`|`https%3A%2F%2Fgetlantern-replica.s3-ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com%2F2fb6f6c3-3769-4983-968b-f78d40649460%2Fdata%2F`|The HTTP endpoint for the data, per [BEP 19](https://www.bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0019.html).